We welcome contributions to StudyBoard! Whether you're reporting bugs, suggesting features, improving documentation, or contributing code, your input is valuable. This document outlines the guidelines for contributing to the project.

🛠 Prerequisites
Before contributing, ensure you have:
1.	Git installed.
2.	Android Studio (2021.1 or later) set up.
3.	Familiarity with Java or Kotlin for Android development.


🚀 How to Contribute
1. Fork the Repository
1.	Navigate to the StudyBoard repository.
2.	Click the Fork button (top-right corner).
2. Clone the Repository
Clone the forked repository to your local machine:
bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/StudyBoard.git  
cd StudyBoard  
3. Create a Feature Branch
Create a branch to work on a specific feature or bug:
bash
Copy code
git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name  
4. Make Changes
•	Follow the project's coding standards (e.g., MVVM pattern for Android).
•	Write clear and concise code with comments where necessary.
•	Test your changes thoroughly before committing.
5. Commit Your Changes
Commit changes using a descriptive message:
bash
Copy code
git add .  
git commit -m "Add feature: brief description of the changes"  
6. Push to GitHub
Push the changes to your forked repository:
bash
Copy code
git push origin feature/your-feature-name  
7. Submit a Pull Request
1.	Go to the original repository: StudyBoard.
2.	Click New Pull Request.
3.	Select your forked repository and branch.
4.	Provide a detailed description of your changes.


💡 Guidelines
Reporting Bugs
•	Use the Issue Tracker.
•	Include clear steps to reproduce the bug.
•	Provide screenshots or logs if applicable.
Suggesting Features
•	Open an issue labeled as feature request.
•	Describe the feature and its potential benefits.
Code Style
•	Follow Android Code Style Guidelines.
•	Use consistent naming conventions and indentation.
•	Keep code modular and reusable.
Documentation
•	Update relevant documentation when adding new features.
•	Keep comments concise and meaningful.


🧪 Testing
All contributions should include appropriate tests:
1.	Unit Tests for individual methods or components.
2.	Integration Tests for interactions between components.
3.	Ensure all tests pass before submitting a pull request.
Run tests locally:
bash
Copy code
./gradlew test  


🤝 Code of Conduct
By contributing, you agree to uphold the project's Code of Conduct.


📞 Need Help?
For any questions, feel free to:
•	Open an issue.
•	Contact the project maintainer:
o	Email: your.email@example.com
o	GitHub: your-username


Thank you for contributing to StudyBoard!


